Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Thomas Zurbuchen is
the head of science at NASA.
or Dr. Z. as we can also call you.
The day has come.
All these decades. all this time.
all these people
working on this telescope.
and here we are. minutes to launch.
Ten. nine. eight…
…three. two. one. liftoff!
We have been given
the go-ahead to begin commanding
a release of the forward latches.
We're seeing both blankets
unfurl on the solar array.
Looks good.
I want to wish Hubble
its own set of adventures.
that it may unlock
further mysteries of the universe.
We want to look out
into the vastness of space
and back to the beginnings of time
to answer the questions.
"How did. and how do. galaxies form?"
"Are there other habitable planets
outside our solar system?"
"Is life unique to planet Earth?"
Hubble and ground-based telescopes
have given us an important start.
But we must go farther.
and the Next Generation Space Telescope.
NGST. will be the next great step taken.
Navigation confirmed
that the parachute has deployed
and we are seeing
significant deceleration.
Oh. it's beautiful. Mike.
it really is.
They've got the flag up now.
and you can see the stars and stripes.
This institute will be managing
a telescope
with a launch projected for 2007.
The target price for doing this
will be 500 million dollars.
Mr. Howard. did you ever see
the movie called The Money Pit?
Yes. absolutely.
I think the standard line in that movie
was. ''It's only two more weeks.''
Mm-hmm. Now. how can we justify this
to our constituents?
We are just about 12 hours from launching.
Fingers crossed that the weather holds.
and we'll be able to launch
this telescope tomorrow morning.
I can't believe… I can't believe
that we're almost here.
I'm so excited. I can't wait
to get this telescope into space.
Seven. six. five.
four. three. two. one. liftoff.
Ignition.
Liftoff.
All propulsion parameters
are normal. Trajectory is normal.
The coolest thing
of the decade. possibly the century.
is about to happen.
The successor to the Hubble.
three times as large
and way more technologically advanced.
is about to be launched.
I'm going to start crying.
Feliz Navidad. I got up
at 4:50 a.m. this morning
to watch the JWST launch.
Just praying to all the science gods
that everything goes without a hitch.
and that in six months.
we'll be able to get this wonderful data.
Merry Christmas. everyone.
Ten. nine. eight…
ESC shutdown.
All onboard parameters are normal.
Separation of the Webb Telescope.
Go. Webb!
Solar array is out.
All right! All right!
Now we're talking!
JWST has completed
all of its major deployments.
Things are going spectacular.
We have the biggest.
most complex observatory
we've ever sent to space.
and we can expect some awesome images.
Y'all. we did it!
An embarrassingly blurred
Hubble Telescope.
One of the telescope's two mirrors
is thought to be defective.
blurring its images.
Jeff. you'll have your hands full.
You might wanna go ahead
and put your helmet lights on.
Good idea.
-One bright pixel.
- Right there!
There. there. there.
- We can see the pixels.
-We did it!
Six months after
the most powerful telescope ever made
launched into space.
the team inside the Webb Space Telescope's
flight control room is preparing
to reveal what astronomers
all over the world
have been waiting for for decades.
the telescope's first full-color images.
Today. our understanding
of the universe is about to get clearer.
It is.
President Biden's going to unveil
the much-anticipated
first full-color image
from NASA's Webb Space Telescope.
Today is a historic day
for America and all of humanity.
We're gonna get a glimpse
of the oldest documented light
in the history of the universe
from over 13 billion--
Let me say that again.
13 billion years ago.
It's hard to even fathom.
And now let's take a look
at the very first image
from this miraculous telescope.
Oh my gosh!
The first image
from the James Webb Space Telescope.
And here it is.
Uh. galaxies to the edge of time.
Oh my gosh.
Okay…
It really is amazing.
Oh. my God.
I have no words.
The whole thing
is a bit mind-boggling. everybody.
It's just-- It's just fantastic.
It's a pretty cool photo.
It's just gorgeous.